our access my name is Nathan dighton
here with a look at the PlayStation
Store update for wednesday the 12th of
March 2014 the big news this week is the
arrival of stern fantasy RPG Dark Souls
2 on ps3 while modern gaming is so often
about quick rewards and twitchy gameplay
dark souls 2 is a more demanding and
ultimately gratifying experience built
on patience perseverance and not chewing
your own arm off when you die fighting
the same boss 20 times in a row the new
world is deep and treacherous your body
is pale and feeble and the long dark
road to being any good at dark souls 2
all start on Friday finally also
dictated by the relentless passage of
time is the arrival of not one but two
games from Japan first the latest Italia
RPG asia & logy alchemists of the dust
guy transmutes on the ps3 while on PS
vita the arrival of awesome rhythm
action title hats in a Miku Project Diva
F is met with a robotic chorus of catchy
j-pop and vocoder melodies yeah like
that it's also an awesome week for
bargains with three separate sales and
lighting up the store and laying siege
to your wallet we call a duty zone
across PlayStation 3 and 4 is live for
the next two weeks and features savings
on games and dlc for the likes of ghosts
black ops 2 and modern warfare 3
meanwhile this week's deal of the week
is assassins creed 4 black flag on ps3
is available for under 30 pounds and
it's DLC season pass is thirty five
percent off and finally there are great
value games available across ps3 and PS
Vita until the second of april with
savings on the likes of tokyo jungle
uncharted golden abyss tomb raider
underworld and far cry blood dragon and
before we go if you're looking for
something to watch as well as play this
week then might we suggest a counselor a
thriller about a lawyer loosening his
morals and getting in over his head
although that doesn't really matter
because all you need to know is that it
stars the cool lineup of Michael
Fassbender Javier Bardem and Brad Pitt
being cool and saying cool things
for a full list of this week store
update hit the playstation blog don't
forget you can purchase all of this
content online at store doc sony
entertainment network com and please
remember all playstation store content
is subject to change hit subscribe your
weekly shot of PlayStation Store
goodness and the loads of awesome videos
on everything ps3 ps4 and PS vita